In our own land, today is EKE Day.
Arch Angel Michael represent EKE.

EZEKIEL 1:15
ABOUT THE FOUR FACES OF GOD

This is the four elements of Life or Creation.
The christian called it the four Archangel (Michael, Gabriel, Raphael, Uriel ).
In our land the four Archangel are:(EKE, ORIE, AFO, NKWO).
Natural the are (WATER, EARTH, FIRE, AIR)..
Geography say it's (NORTH, EAST, SOUTH, WEST)..
In QURAN the are:(Mika' IL, Izra'IL, Israfil, Munkar and Nakir).

THE FUNCTION OF THE ARCHANGELS

*Mika’il – The Angel Mika’il (known as Michael in Christianity) is a friend to humanity. He is known as the giver of rain, which waters the land and helps to provide food for people. He is believed to guard places of worship and reward people’s good deeds. As the Angel of Mercy, he asks Allah to forgive people’s sins. It is believed that both the Angel Jibril and the Angel Mika’il will be present on the Day of Judgement.

Izra’il – The Angel of Death, who takes the souls from bodies when people die.

Israfil – The angel who will be present on the day of resurrection. It is believed that the Angel Israfil will blow a trumpet to announce the Day of Judgement.

Munkar and Nakir – The angels responsible for questioning the soul of a person who has died.

Angels communicate with Allah and humans to ensure the direct word of Allah is given to humans correctly.

Muslims also believe that angels are with them at all times. They have two angels, which sit on either shoulder and are known as Al-Kiram and Al-Katibun. One of the angels records the good things the person has done and the other records the bad things the person has done. Allah will judge each person based on these deeds, deciding whether they are worth of Paradise (Jannah or Hell (Jahannam).

         Archangel Michael represent Fire
       Archangel Gabriel represent Water
      Archangel Raphael represent Air
     Archangel Uriel Represent  Earth.

Before I produced, I will like to add this here.
When you are in the middle  four faces of mirrors, you will reflect on Billions ways, and still be ONLY You (Chi)...
{(Archangels (/???rk'e?nd??l/) are the second lowest rank of angel in the hierarchy of angels. A common misconception is that archangels are the highest rank of angel, this misconception stems from John Milton's Paradise Lost and likely confusion with the Greek prefix "arch-" meaning "chief". The word archangel itself is usually associated with the Abrahamic religions, but beings that are very similar to archangels are found in a number of other religious traditions. Archangels also appear in the religious texts of Gnosticism.[1][2]


The Annunciation by Paolo de Matteis
The English word archangel is derived from Greek ??????e??? (arkhángelos).)}

When people refer to the Abrahamic religions they are usually thinking of Judaism, Christianity and Islam. There are, in fact, more Abrahamic religions, such as the Baha'i Faith, Yezidi, Druze, Samaritan and Rastafari, but this article will focus on the main three aforementioned.

IN THIS JUNCTURE LET ME BRIEFLY TELL YOU HOW AFRICA (BLACK) IS BEEN SLAVE TO THIS ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS



    In the origin of Black Africa history, ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS is an a brain ?? wash,
Because it was an a Force religion to All black African race, ( I am sorry to add this; but it goes with Questions )  

" WHY DID THE KILL OUR FOUR-FATHER'S AND FORCE THEM ON CHRISTIANITY AND OTHER ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS??


?


My brother from West got confused and the follow both Christianity and Islam, and the wrote Bible from Judaism and also a Jew man called "JESUS" claimed to be a Messiah (saviour of black African race)..

    Meanwhile we Africans have our own religion and tradition before the invest of ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS on Africa..

Let me USED this opportunity to tell my follow Africa ROOT, the the solution of this problem of ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS; is let COME BACK TO OUR ROOT (Let asked questions about our own past, because the future is the past).
Emancipate yourself from metal slavery (Bob Marley).

     Only when you know whom you're, then you will understand what  you Worth.
    "You can't never have values until you know whom you're".  

Where I came FROM (IGBO LAND). We believe in REINCARNATION, that is what ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS call judgement day, when a man die he will still returned, //that is the The angel who will be present on the day of resurrection. It is believed that the Angel Israfil (Water) ""that why Judaism believe that the center of water (Ocean) is the heaven"" will blow a trumpet to announce the Day of Judgement.

The difference between ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS and AFRICA RELIGION is that; ABRAHAMIC write ?? there own down, meanwhile our ancestors pass there own through  folk-tales (AKUKO-IFO); That why a says say if you want to hide something from a black Man (Africa) write it down. That why if we sleep we dreams. That Dream is telling you about your future or your past, because before you leave you got to die, and before you die you got to leave, without Death Life Will not have value, without Dark ?? light will not have values, without negative, positive can't work.. that why every souls coming to Earth, came with a mission been agree by his Chi (God) and his karma. " "To me karma take record of every second of your life. Through what you say, what you do, what you see, what you feel ETC..
That why forgiveness does not exist in nature, mercy doesn't exist in nature. That why it say you must reap what you sow" ".
The four Archangel (four faces of God) has only one God which "ALMIGHTY"  this information I am passing is also God, Almighty is a spirit what no Human knows the beginning or the end, 
?I started this my information (mission) from where I stopped from the past, to add it value in the future. In our land this ALMIGHTY is called chukwuabiama "an endless one". Know Africa listen ONLY YOUR ANCESTORS CAN CONNECT YOU TO THE ALMIGHTY.  Which is the four ARCHANGELS (EKE, ORIE, AFO, NKWO) In our land that is the our ancient Days of the week.
from this our Days of weeks, everyday has own spirit (Angel) that is in charge of it, Life begin in Africa, the sun rises from East which also Africa, 
Africans are ancient people with there own way of life. Also in MY LAND (IGBO) there is a village inside Arochukwu; called IHE CHI UWA, which means, light of God on earth, where the light of God first shine, the light of hope and Life. 
Now let me exposed the lie about Lucifer.
Lucifer has been in the English language for a very long time, and has not solely carried the meaning of "Satan." The word comes from a Latin root—lucifer, in Latin, means "light-bearing"—and has also been used by poets to refer to Venus, the morning star.
This what christian called bible have been written in many languages, and Latin was third before English conquer everything still Now,.

The hide and remove value able word from the bible, that why there are error in bible, that is causing confusion in Africa still now,. The reason why my people can't asked Questions of whom the are, simply because after killing and forcing our Ancestors to their ABRAHAMIC RELIGIONS, the brought to us bible  and say " DON'T ADD, DON'T REMOVE AND  DON'T QUESTION THERE GOD,, That is the metal slavery,  The European know that once the conquer our religion (Believe) the have conquer everything,. Yes because "The spirit control the physical" the spirituality strength of the great AFRA, AFRA is the spirit (God) in charge of Africa " that while every nation has there own way or logic of connecting to the ALMIGHTY,. 
 Some cave in our land still today, you can found the hand writing written on a wall (handwriting of God), you can also find the pyramid. Before I forget my ancient father's Believe that every Human have a pyramid in him, that is the 7 chakra, in our land we called it EZU ME ZU.
The spirit that controls and guild man through the rest of his life.  The can also destroy a Man




 If you Go to christian GOD,  he didn't create water he didn't create the archangels the four faces of God is what form GOD (energy can transform from one form to another) through the process of positive and negative everything was created, that while Christian called Lucifer (devil) an negative angel, yeah because Lucifer was once and Angel of God of christian, before he disobey their GOD, he still bring it to Earth where Human will "TRANSFORM, REFORM, RECREAT, AND INCARNATE = REINCARNATION" Then man will resonated in Ocean Love and mercy with his own CHI(GOD) and the Lords of karma.

Karma is the record of your life or your life contract//
Now karma (nature) will judge your chi(you),.
In our land CHI is your guilding Angel, let me informed you about this, because is the secret truth of our ancient religion. As human have different faces this is how there is  different CHI(God), on there different world,  in the world (EARTH) also CHI IS CLASSIFIEDS IN DIFFERENT LEVEL Person/Community/kingdom's/Village/Tribe/Nation and even family so many of them, enfants everything in the world (Earth) have chi, has a guilding Angel, your chi have reincarnate in world in different forms, like I said earlier about been in middle of four faces of mirrors, that is how your chi is on the earth (law of reflect)  you represent your own God(chi) in life meanwhile your own CHI (God), represent you on heaven, Water or anything you called it.
  The  law of karma (nature) say  man must reap what he sow. Life exist only here on earth, then you will return in any form to reap what you have sow here on earth, so you also coming back with your own karma been agree with your chi, that you must reap,...
These is how our own ancient father's believe about judgement day.

Every nation have there own CHI (God) or there own way of life,. can called it logic (I can't forget one of my spiritual mentor called Pythagoras of Samos
The great Life philosophy was an ancient Ionian Greek philosopher and the eponymous founder of Pythagoreanism.